README.md, before:

# CloudResume
![Infrastructure](https://github.com/RetroHazard/CloudResume/actions/workflows/infrastructure.yml/badge.svg)
![Website_Staging](https://github.com/RetroHazard/CloudResume/actions/workflows/website_staging.yml/badge.svg)
![Website_Production](https://github.com/RetroHazard/CloudResume/actions/workflows/website_production.yml/badge.svg)


## Summary
The Cloud Resume Challenge was developed by Forrest Brazeal and is a loosely defined, objective based Cloud Project, setting a number of goals within predefined chunks, while avoiding the trap of being too hand-holdy; The Challenge can be adressed in as simple or complex terms as one chooses, so long as the objective(s) are met.
Completing this Challenge requires a multi-disciplinary approach, covering a wide variety of topics, including (but not limited to): 
+ Fullstack Development
+ Testing
+ Automation
+ Infrastructure
+ Architecture
+ Security
+ Source Control
+ Documentation
+ etc.

The entire challenge culminated in my developing a Single Page WebApp /w API integration, architecting and connecting a variety of AWS services, developing website test scripts, learning how to utilize Infrastructure-as-Code using Terraform, and many other skills.
When I first started this project, I had nearly zero experience in every single technology stack that I leveraged. What began as a way to help reinforce the AWS courses I was following, ended up being a incredibly fun personal project and I'm looking forward to finding the next one.

For a more detailed breakdown of my journey, please read the blog post, linked below.

## Blog Post
My published article can be found on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/taking-cloud-resume-challenge-alexander-bracken-gm0wc/).


## Architectural Overview
![Current Architectural Version](https://img.retrohazard.com/1720409517025.png)


## Technologies Leveraged
 + Amazon Web Services
   + Organizations
   + IAM Identity Center
   + Identity & Access Management
   + Key Management Service
   + Certificate Manager
   + Route53
   + CloudFront
   + Web Application Firewall
   + API Gateway
   + S3
   + DynamoDB
   + Lambda
   + Simple Queue Service
   + Simple Email Service
   + CloudWatch
   + CloudTrail
   + CloudFormation
   + X-Ray
 + Terraform Providers
   + AWS
   + GitHub
   + Random
   + Archive
 + Website
   + Node.js
   + React
   + Tailwind CSS
   + Google reCAPTCHA
 + Language and Syntax
   + HTML
   + CSS
   + Python
   + JavaScript
   + YAML
   + JSON
   + HCL

Commit message:

Post-Migration Cleanup (#60)
Deprecate Staging Distribution and all related resources.
Deprecate legacy hosted zone, remove import declaration
Deprecate deployment workflow for staging website
Rename deployment workflow for production website
Update README.md

README.md, after:

# CloudResume
![Infrastructure](https://github.com/RetroHazard/CloudResume/actions/workflows/infrastructure.yml/badge.svg)
![Website_Production](https://github.com/RetroHazard/CloudResume/actions/workflows/website_production.yml/badge.svg)


## Summary
The Cloud Resume Challenge was developed by Forrest Brazeal and is a loosely defined, objective based Cloud Project, setting a number of goals within predefined chunks, while avoiding the trap of being too hand-holdy; The Challenge can be adressed in as simple or complex terms as one chooses, so long as the objective(s) are met.
Completing this Challenge requires a multi-disciplinary approach, covering a wide variety of topics, including (but not limited to): 
+ Fullstack Development
+ Testing
+ Automation
+ Infrastructure
+ Architecture
+ Security
+ Source Control
+ Documentation
+ etc.

The entire challenge culminated in my developing a Single Page WebApp /w API integration, architecting and connecting a variety of AWS services, developing website test scripts, learning how to utilize Infrastructure-as-Code using Terraform, and many other skills.
When I first started this project, I had nearly zero experience in every single technology stack that I leveraged. What began as a way to help reinforce the AWS courses I was following, ended up being a incredibly fun personal project and I'm looking forward to finding the next one.

For a more detailed breakdown of my journey, please read the blog post, linked below.

## Blog Post
My published article can be found on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/taking-cloud-resume-challenge-alexander-bracken-gm0wc/).


## Architectural Overview
**Architectural revisions can be found within the published article, linked above.**

![Current Architectural Version](https://img.retrohazard.com/crc-arch-7.png)


## Technologies Leveraged
 + Amazon Web Services
   + Organizations
   + IAM Identity Center
   + Identity & Access Management
   + Key Management Service
   + Certificate Manager
   + Route53
   + CloudFront
   + Web Application Firewall
   + API Gateway
   + S3
   + DynamoDB
   + Lambda
   + Simple Queue Service
   + Simple Email Service
   + CloudWatch
   + CloudTrail
   + CloudFormation
   + X-Ray
 + Terraform Providers
   + AWS
   + GitHub
   + Random
   + Archive
 + Website
   + Node.js
   + React
   + Tailwind CSS
   + Google reCAPTCHA
 + Language and Syntax
   + HTML
   + CSS
   + Python
   + JavaScript
   + YAML
   + JSON
   + HCL
